but although Stella is inundated with
Roos and wallabies none of them take up
as much of her time as young wallaby
Neil
[Music]
he's an orphan from a car accident where
his mum was killed and nails been with
us one week Neil is just one and a half
months old in the wild he'd be around
nine months before he left his mother's
pouch he doesn't have a second coat he's
just got the light top coat that he has
while he's in his mum's pouch we do call
them little Velvets I'm covering his
eyes and little bit in Mom's pouch it's
a bit it's darker than here he's getting
a bit used to it so it's not too
stressful in the first three days here
he cried out at nighttime for his mum
that's heartbreaking to listen to him
call out for his mum what we do then is
we picked them up
and I put him in the bed with me so he
can feel my heartbeat at the moment I
picked him up and cuddled him and held
him next to my heart The Crying stopped
because they developed for so long in
the pouch the beating of their mother's
heart is deeply comforting for baby
marsupials research shows that maternal
nurture physically changes brain
chemistry and alters the way a
youngsters body responds to stress
without this closeness and reassurance
orphans have been known to die of
anxiety but with new animals arriving
all the time
Stella can't always be there for Neil
and he urgently needs a companion the
same size and age who he can hang out
with
you